hi malik the magic guy expertvillage.com
now I want to show you just a couple of
presentational ideas for the clock trick
on how you can make it even more amazing
so let's do a quick review mr. hand when
he did the trick took off five cards and
he stuck those in his pocket
then I dealt twelve cards to make the
clock and I put the rest of the cards
aside now I had a prediction that was
written down but if you'd like you can
use a like a card from a little deck
these are kind of fun to use that's
going to be our prediction card okay the
little four of diamonds and then we
we're gonna make our clock there's one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven twelve now we know that the
four of diamonds is going to be the card
selected and one thing that I did was I
changed it because I was using a red
deck so at the end when I go okay the
selected card was the four of diamonds
here's the prediction I was so sure that
I took it out of a deck with a different
colored back and the reason that works
is when we we're handling the cards here
were handling them all face-up they
never see the backs of the cards so what
I did was when I put the four of
diamonds thirteenth from the bottom of
the deck one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve when
I put the four of diamonds thirteenth
from the bottom of the deck I just put a
black one or you could use blue or
whatever but I put a different colored
one in instead of the red one and the
trick works exactly the same way and
that gives you like a little extra
presentational point on the end but you
can use different colored cards for
predictions you can have the prediction
sealed in an envelope if you'd like you
can do all kinds of neat things limited
only by your imagination so have fun
playing with some different ideas with
the clock trick